the cars that you're unlikely to see in
a showroom near you anytime soon
Iranian vehicles, yes! the country does
produce them, are sold across the Middle
East including here in Lebanon but with
a fresh round of sanctions hitting Iran
it's gonna get harder to get behind the
wheel of one of these
world powers cut a deal with Tehran
curb your nuclear program they said, in return for a lifting of sanctions
may be seen as a big win for
international diplomacy
But Donald Trump didn't agree
frankly that deal is an embarrassment to the United States and I
don't think you've heard the last of it
believe me
so what's caviar face cream got to do
with all of this well it comes from Iran
and companies wanting to sell this stuff
could face stiff penalties from the US so
they don't want to touch it and that's
the reason it's been sold for knock-down
prices at trade fair.
but the sanctions are
really designed to target Iran's
all-important oil sector already the
country's economy is struggling
America warns Tehran that it must stop sowing chaos in the region many believe
Washington is trying to drive a wedge
between the government and the people
but this Iranian carpet seller in Beirut says it's not going to work.
The Sanctions is very bad maybe make make many problems for Iranian for medicine
transportation for insurance for for
example for for commerce is very bad but
you know Iranian there is this is 40
years they are in sanction and they know
how to deal with the sanction
Iran sees sanctions as the latest example of
American bullying, its vowed to break them
but it's also playing the long game
Europe China and Russia all think
America's
decision is wrong and they're trying to
find ways around the sanctions although
it's tricky so for now Iran is being patient
hopeful that all see the back of
President Trump